Overall I have a collaborative management style in the sense that I coordinate with stake holders, scrum masters/project managers and the delivery team to identify, prioritize and assign tasks to appropriate development resources. I encourage the developers to take responsibility for the tasks instead of assigning tasks, but I assign tasks when they are unclaimed and impeding delivery of the business value and work stream. Generally before making a decision, I weigh all pros and cons and encourage a healthy debate among the team.

Bank of Ireland
	Currently working in the role of Lead Solution Architect (DevOps Transformation).
	Leading of 2 architects, 1 project manager & 1 business analyst.
	Also mentored and coached Technical Architects, Test Architect, Product Owners, Scrum Masters and Technical Leads.
	
	Technology Selection, Work Items identification, Identifying resources, planning & assigning work items to individuals & sub-teams, coaching PMs on project component structure, mentoring technical architects in their deliverables, coaching technical leads and test architects in identifying & remedying bottlenecks.
------
Client Solutions Ltd (All below activities were carried out independently with their own timelines, many times in parallel)
	Managed multiple teams reporting to me & 1 independent team having following configuration. In total, managed 9 people directly and 1 technical lead as a satellite team.
	
	Tesco Mobile Team: 7/8 members. Delivered Tesco Mobile programme of work involving re-platforming back-office CRM system built on microservices architecture, in addition to public facing front-end system (my.tescomobile.ie)
		2 testers in Serbia
		1 UX designer was engaged in Serbia
		3 developers in Dublin, 2 of them were promoted to senior engineers. 1 developer in Dublin also worked as DevOps Engineer.
		1 UX designer in Dublin after the resource in Serbia moved on
		1 Senior Engineer/Architect in London (Was full-time employee working from Dublin, later moved to London and worked for the team as a contractor). This resource also worked as DevOps Engineer.
	RDMA Product Team: 4 members. Data Management product providing secure front end, able to connect to disparate & distributed databases.
		1 developer in Serbia
		1 developer in Dublin (Reused from the existing team)
		1 UX designer in Dublin (Reused from the existing team)
		1 tester in Serbia
	DevOps Team: 2 member. Responsible for implementing ALM Tooling & CICD pipeline on multiple projects including Tesco Mobile Ireland, Irish Water, The AA Ireland.
		1 developer in Dublin (Reused from the existing team)
		1 Senior Engineer/Architect in London (Was full-time employee working from Dublin, later moved to London and worked for the team as a contractor).
	Naturgy Team: 2 members. Team was delivering data migration & support services. Worked in Project Manager capacity.
		1 Technical Architect (.Net)
		1 Senior Database Engineer (Oracle, SQL Server)
	Advanced Analytics Team: 2 members. Initiated Advanced Analytics Team in Poland through a vendor partner (small outfit).
		2 Data Engineers working on R, PowerBI, Microstrategy, SQL Server Enterprise Datawarehouse.
	Independent Team delivering bespoke projects in Cork
		1 technical lead directly reported to me in Cork, 3 developers were working for him. The team in Cork focused on bespoke projects, small in nature. The team worked independently to deliver projects in Cork.
		
	Recruited 3 Engineers in Dublin (Java Backend & JQuery/React/Angular Front end). Directly responsible for their annual performance reviews.
	Recruited 2 Junior Engineer in Dublin, and made senior engineers responsible for their technical output.
	Recruited 1 UX designer in Dublin. Trained him to deliver reusable & engineered front end components.

	Mentored .Net developers and architects as well.
	
	Encouraged the team to contribute to open source to improve their competency and coding practices.
	Encouraged the team to read at least multiple article per week, ideally in technology that we were not using at the time.
	Scheduled bi-weekly technology presentations between Cork and Dublin teams to share knowledge and upskill engineers.
	Mentored 2 developers to step into team leadership role and made them responsible for junior developers.
	Put in place tooling like Rally (CA Agile Central), Atlassian product suite (Jira/Bitbucket) & Opensource DocuWiki for improved collaboration and agile project management.
	Scheduled daily team scrum/stand up, sometimes twice a day depending on delivery schedule and situation. 

------
Trinity College Dublin
	Technical Leadership & Task assignment of 1 researcher in Dublin and 1 researcher in Portugal.
------
Avanza Solutions Ltd
	While delivering ATM Controller, Financial Middleware & ATM Card generation solution
		Technical Leadership & task assignment of 3 developers working on the project.
